clarifications + cite an OLD draft + clean up (#18)
netmod-wg/schedule-yang: draft-ietf-netmod-schedule-yang.md

   The "recurrence-utc" grouping refines the "recurrence" grouping to require
   that the date and time values to describe the recurrence be reported in UTC format.

   It also augments the "recurrence-first" container with a "duration" parameter
   in units of seconds to specify the time period of the first occurrence. Unless specified otherwise, the "duration" also applies to subsequent recurrence instances.

Note that the "interval" and "duration" cover two distinct properties of a schedule event.

> The interval specifies when a schedule will occure, while the duration indicates how long

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The interval specifies when a schedule will occur, combined with the frequency parameter; while the duration indicates how long
```
